docs: add link to installation docs to README (#8033)
getsentry/sentry-cocoa: README.md

# Installation

> SPM is the recommended way to include Sentry into your project.

Reviewer: `l`: on the linked doc page we say we recommend the wizard - should this be adjusted to:

```suggestion
We recommend using the Sentry Wizard to integrate Sentry into your project via SPM, for more information see our [documentation](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/apple/install/)
```

This way the documentation link is right at the top too.

Author: I would not do that, because if we change the installation page, it would be outdated in the README again, hence why I would like to keep it simple here.
But open for better wording!

Reviewer: Fair enough!
